[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Miyuki grunts]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[exhales]
Who's there?
Hey, Haruka.
Huh?
I never would have imagined
that Shiba would catch on
to me let alone you, Master.
To pull the wool
over Tatsuya's eyes,
you have to disguise
your presence,
not attempt to extinguish it.
I see that now.
I guess I learned
something today.
So what brings you
to the temple tonight, Miss Ono?
[Yakumo] You can let
your guard down, you know.
It just so happens Haruka's
a student of mine.
I'm very sorry for intruding.
I saw you practicing
the Mirage Bat technique.
[Haruka] So, are you entering
the Nine Schools Competition?
‐ Well, I‐‐
‐ That's correct.
Miss Miyuki will be competing
in the Mirage Bat tournament
as well as in
the ice pillars break contest.
You're in two competitions?
That's amazing!
It would be nice if you
could answer my question
as well.
Hmm?
Well, Haruka,
would you mind telling them?
Even if I were to say no,
you would just tell them anyway
as soon as I leave, right?
[Yakumo] Well, since she herself
gave me permission,
Haruka here
is a public safety investigator
for the police department.
To be precise,
I only recently became
a secret investigator
for public safety after I
was hired as a counselor
at First High School.
[Haruka] By the way,
since I started studying
ninjutsu under Master Kokonoe
about two years ago,
that makes you
my senior apprentice, Shiba.
If that's true
then your concealment spell
was quite impressive.
That kind of magic
is my specialty.
[Tatsuya] I see.
So you're a b. s. magician, then.
I don't appreciate
being referred to that way.
[Haruka] Normally my status
as an investigator
would be confidential.
I'm counting on you
to keep it that way.
I suppose I can.
[Tatsuya] Then,
in exchange...
If you hear of any other plots,
will you inform me in advance?
[scoffs]
Sure.
[Haruka] Give and take it is,
then.
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[all cheering]
[Leonhard] Come on!
Get out of my way!
[both grunting]
Tatsuya!
Yoshida!
[grunts]
[scoreboard buzzes]
[Boy] Game over!
Nine, two!
Class E wins!
[all cheering]
‐ That guy rocks, man.
‐ He does.
[Tatsuya] He gets a good read
on the ball,
and he's fast and agile.
[grunts]
Hmm.
[Tatsuya] Nice play.
Ah?
Yeah, Yoshida.
Way to go.
Right back at you.
[Leonhard] Uh, no offense,
but I had no idea
you had it in you.
[Mikihiko] Mikihiko.
I don't like being called
by my last name.
If you would please just use
my first one from now on.
Sure thing,
and in return,
please feel free to call me Leo.
Would it be all right
if I also call you Mikihiko?
Of course,
you can call me Tatsuya.
Sounds good, Tatsuya.
Believe it or not,
I've actually been hoping
I could talk about
some things with you for quite
a while now.
‐ What a coincidence.
‐ Mm?
Same here, actually.
[grunts]
Gotta say,
I'm starting to feel left out.
‐ You're just imagining things.
‐ [Leonhard] Huh?
I've also been wanting
to have a chat with you, Leo.
Because after all,
it's not every day that I meet
other people at the school
who have the stomach
to put up
with that Erika Chiba girl.
I'm afraid I might
be missing something here.
[both chuckling]
Hmm?
Mikihiko,
so did you already know Erika
before high school?
Uh, well...
[Erika] More or less.
I guess Miki
and I are what you
would call childhood friends.
[both gasping]
[Erika] Although for the last
six months or so,
he's been avoiding me.
I can't imagine why.
‐ [Mikihiko] E‐‐E‐‐Erika!
‐ Huh?
Why in the world
are you dressed like that?
[grunting]
what do you mean?
This is clearly
a traditional
girls' training outfit.
That's tradition?
You're sure?
Those shorts are designed
rather unusually.
You don't call them shorts.
Are they like a sort
of underskirt or something?
[gasps]
Even I wouldn't wear just
an underskirt without a skirt.
What would even be
the point in that?
Anyway, they're called bloomers.
They're bloomers?
You mean like what flowers do?
And does this have anything
to do with floral dresses?
Of course not,
for Heaven's sake!
I told you,
it's part of a training uniform!
[gasps]
Don't tell me!
Are bloomers what
I think they are?
[Leonhard] Back when morals
were in tatters,
school girls would
wear them around
for a day then sell them
to middle‐aged guys
to earn extra pocket money!
[groans]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [howls]
‐ [shouts]
‐ [Erika] Shut up, moron!
[Mayumi] For the nine
Magic University
Affiliated High Schools
around Japan,
this competition
is very high profile.
The essay contest
held every fall
is research‐based.
Meanwhile,
in the summer competition,
schools go head‐to‐head
in sports‐type magic contests.
Of course since
the school's honor
is on the line,
the contestants are chosen based
on merit.
Does that mean,
then,
that the student
council's taking
the lead
and preparing for it all?
Yes, we finalized
our athletic roster thanks
to Jumonji's assistance,
but still.
The issue is finding engineers.
Staffing up the technical crew.
So then you're still short
on engineers?
[Mayumi] Yes.
The third year class
is particularly skewed towards
a practical skill set.
As for the second years,
we do have Ah‐chan
and Isori, but...
You mean Kei Isori?
If I remember correctly,
I'd say he's more
of a pure theorist
and not to adept at fine tuning
and practice.
[exhales sharply]
If only you could find a way
to fine tune your own CAD, Mari.
My job would be so much easier.
Well then,
we do have a serious problem.
Rin, my dearest friend!
Would you reconsider being
an engineer?
Sorry.
With my skills,
I believe I'd only
end up thwarting Miss Nakajou
and the others.
[groans]
[Tatsuya] All right,
I'll be heading out now.
[Azusa gasps]
Um, if that's the case,
then wouldn't Tatsuya fit
the bill?
After all,
it seems pretty clear.
He's the one
who adjusts Miyuki's CAD.
‐ Huh?
‐ [exhales]
both: Huh?
Talk about a blind spot!
That's perfect.
I must be slipping.
How did I not think of that?
[gasps]
[grunting]
A first year's never been put
on technical staff,
if I'm not mistaken.
There has to be a first time
for everything, right?
Precedents are only set
to be overturned later.
You two are both progressive
thinkers,
so you might see it that way,
but I'm a first year student
in course two.
And on top of that,
I've been standing out
in bad ways.
I guess so.
Trust between engineer
and user is a crucial part
of CAD fine tuning.
Inviting backlash
from athletes doesn't sound like
a good idea to me.
both: Hmm.
[chair rattles]
[gasps]
[Miyuki] Since my brother
already fine tunes my CAD,
I'd like him to continue
for the ninth school
competition.
Am I asking too much?
[grunts]
What a good point!
Having an engineer on board
who you trust provides
a lot of moral support.
Yeah!
Well, all right!
There's going to be
a prep session after school
so let's talk it all over then.
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
[groans]
Oh!
[Azusa] I see that you've
brought your Silver Horn in
with you today.
[Tatsuya] Yes.
I recently got
this brand new holster,
so I thought I'd break it in.
What?
Would you mind showing me it,
pretty please?
[exhales]
Sure, that's fine with me.
[Tatsuya] Go ahead.
Wow!
It's a bona fide genuine
Silver Horn model!
I'm blown away by the way
it's cut.
This exquisite curve
is conducive
to quick drawing!
Ah, practicality never gets lost
in their
cutting edge technology.
Oh, Lord Silver,
how I admire you.
Ah.
[computer buzzing]
[grunts]
Wow, it's so out of the ordinary
for Miyuki to miss, isn't it?
Must be a coincidence.
You gotta wonder,
what kind of person
is Taurus Silver?
Do you find him intriguing?
What?
Of course I find him intriguing.
I mean, like, come on.
The man's a pioneer.
[Azusa] Starting with making
loop casting a reality,
he's an engineering genius said
to have catapulted specialized
CAD software forward into
the future by, like, a decade!
How could that not fascinate me?
I'm not well‐informed,
I see.
Who knew that he
was held in such high regard?
Hey, hey, Tatsuya,
what kind
of person do you imagine
that Taurus Silver might be?
This may sound a bit strange.
It's possible he's actually
a Japanese youth
just like any one of us.
[computer beeping]
[all gasping]
[Azusa] Japanese, you say?
Yes, since he works at FLT,
which is located in Japan.
By the way, Ah‐chan,
[Azusa] Yes?
Didn't I hear you say you had
to finish
your homework assignment
during our lunch break?
[Azusa squeaks]
Miss Saegusa!
[giggles]
If you want,
I can help you out just
a little, all right?
For real?
You mean it?
[Mayumi] So what kind
of assignment is this, exactly?
[Azusa] Actually, it's a report
on the three major puzzles
of weight‐based magic,
and it's really difficult.
First, a gravity control
thermonuclear fusion reactor.
Second, a quasi‐perpetual
motion machine based
on theories
of infinite inertial expansion.
Third, why general purpose
flying spells can't
be actualized,
but I can't figure out how
to explain that part.
To fly using magic,
every time you accelerate,
decelerate,
ascend,
and descend,
you need to layer
a new spell over
the magic already
being executed.
Since the necessary phenomena
interference magic increases
each time,
the most you can hope for
is ten layers.
This is why flying spells
aren't feasible
in the real world,
but if layering is necessary,
couldn't you
theoretically speaking cancel
the ongoing spell and then cast
a new invocation in its place?
But if the trick to flying
is really that easy,
then somebody must
have already tried it, right?
Not to mention that it's
a lot like unleashing
area interference after
the fact.
Looks like two years ago,
they conducted an experiment
in England based
on that very idea.
Although it ended in failure.
[Azusa] What was the reason?
[Suzune] Hmm, it doesn't state
what the reason was.
Oh.
[Mayumi] What do you think,
Tatsuya?
Unfortunately, that experiment
was fundamentally flawed.
Huh?
[Tatsuya] One magic sequence
can't affect another one.
It's true.
Even regarding
area interference,
unless the spell directly
wipes out a magic sequence,
even with anti magic,
it still isn't an exception
to this rule.
[all gasping]
[Mayumi] In other words,
using magic on another sequence
was meaningless?
[Tatsuya] Yes.
The British scholars
who ran that experiment
must surely have misunderstood
anti‐magic's nature.
[school bell rings]
Oh.
[screams]
[Mayumi] The student council
hereby nominates Tatsuya Shiba
of class 1E to join
the engineering staff.
[Boy] He's a Weed.
[Boy 2] But he's on
the disciplinary committee.
[Boy 3] Is he up
to fine tuning CADs, though?
They've got no clue
how good Tatsuya is.
Yeah.
Personally, I know that I prefer
to have Tatsuya as my engineer.
Apparently some among us
are not quite convinced.
I think it's best
to have them observe
Shiba's talent before
their eyes.
But what are we going
to do specifically?
I think we should have
him adjust an actual CAD.
I'd be happy to volunteer
as the guinea pig.
[Boy 4] Way too risky!
If he's sub par,
injury will be the least
of your problems.
All right,
since I am the official
who nominated Shiba,
I should be the one
to take on that role.
[Takeaki] I have a better idea.
Please allow me
to take it on.
[Tatsuya] For clarification,
the task is
to copy Kirihara's
CAD settings over
to this new CAD
for competitive use,
and to make it
immediately usable.
However, I'm not to tamper
with the activation
sequence itself.
Do I understand this correctly?
Yes, that's it exactly.
[Mayumi] What's wrong?
I don't really recommend
duplicating all
the settings of a CAD
to another one
with different specs.
Well, it can't be helped.
[Tatsuya] Safety first it is,
then.
[gasps]
Thank you very much.
Feel free to remove it now.
[exhales]
Huh?
What does that guy think
he's doing?
[Boy] Strictly keyboard
in this day and age?
How primitive.
Wow, totally manual fine tuning,
huh?
What's up, Kei?
Is that something amazing?
Yeah.
[Kei] It's just that there seem
to be a whole lot of people
who don't get what it is
that Shiba is doing.
Process complete.
[grunts]
[CAD beeping]
[electronic buzzing]
Kirihara,
how does that feel to you?
No issues at all, actually.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] It feels natural
to me.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
So he does seem to possess
a passable skill set.
But you can't exactly say
that he's got finesse.
[Boy 2] His methods
are too unorthodox.
I for one strongly endorse
selecting Shiba
to become an engineer.
[all gasping]
[Azusa] The skills
we just saw him use
are extremely advanced.
Doing all that
fine tuning manually,
that's something
I could never hope to do.
Sure, but even though
his skills may be advanced,
if the end product
is pedestrian,
then there's no point.
[footstep approaches]
[Gyobu] Kirihara's personal
CAD model boasts higher specs
than the one
for competitive use.
Being able to prevent
the user from picking up
on such a difference,
I believe that such skills
should be rated highly.
Well, I suppose you
could technically argue that.
[Gyobu] Therefore,
I hereby declare my full support
for adding Shiba
to the engineering staff.
Do you mean it, Hanzo?
In the Nine Schools competition,
our school's prestige
will be at stake.
He's a first year
or there's no precedent.
We cannot afford to dwell
on such trivial matters.
I whole‐heartedly agree.
You make a compelling point,
Hattori.
[Katsuto] Shiba just showed us
he's more than qualified
to be a member
of our school's team.
I, too, support adding Shiba
to the engineering team.
[phone ringing]
[beeps]
[Tatsuya] It's been a while.
Long time no see,
special officer.
[Tatsuya] If that's
how you're going
to be referring to me,
are we on a secret line?
I'm amazed at how adept you are
at breaking
into civilian landlines
every single time.
It's more difficult
than you'd think.
Officer,
I have to say,
I think the security around
your house is way too stringent.
[Tatsuya] That's because hackers
these days are relentless.
Well, Major...
What's on your agenda
for our call today?
First off,
a work‐related matter.
‐ [Tatsuya] Right.
‐ Good news.
Today we finished overhauling
the Third Eye.
[Major] And at this juncture,
we'd like you
to update the software,
run some functionality tests.
[Tatsuya] Very well.
I'll head over there
tomorrow morning.
Negative.
The time table is not so urgent
that you need
to be missing classes.
[Tatsuya] Actually,
I'm scheduled to report
to FLT
on my next day off anyway.
[Major] I see.
Then tomorrow morning,
report to the usual place.
Understood, sir.
Next on the agenda,
is it true that you'll
be taking part
in the upcoming Nine Schools
competition?
[gasps]
Yes, sir.
[Major] The competition site
is in the southeast
Fuji training area.
Of course,
it's the same every year, but...
Listen, Tatsuya.
Stay alert.
In that same area,
our forces have
repeatedly spotted what
are most likely members
of an international
crime syndicate.
Given the timing,
we think they're targeting
the Nine Schools competition.
[Tatsuya] You said it was
an international
crime syndicate?
Yes, I had Mibu look into it.
[Tatsuya] Do you mean
the father
of First High's second year
Sayaka Mibu?
[Major] I do.
In retirement,
Mibu transferred to the Cabinet
Information Management Agency
to head international
crime units.
Consider me surprised.
[Major] Mibu thinks they might
be members
of a Hong Kong‐based
crime syndicate infamously known
as the No Head Dragon.
As soon as I learn
additional intel,
I will contact you again.
Thank you very much, Major.
[computer beeping]
[door slides open]
[Miyuki] Brother!
I've brought you some coffee.
This is perfect timing.
I was just about to ask you
to come down here.
Hmm?
‐ [giggles]
‐ [Tatsuya] Oh.
Would that be your Mirage Bat
costume, then?
[door slides closed]
You're correct.
It is.
What do you think of it?
You look quite beautiful.
It really does suit you well.
Thank you very much, Brother.
[gasps]
[Miyuki] Is that
the flying spell?
Well, congratulations!
A successful sustained gravity
control‐type flying spell!
[gasps]
And once again, Brother,
you made
the impossible possible.
I'm incredibly proud
to be your younger sister.
I'm very lucky.
I appreciate that, Miyuki.
This breakthrough brings me
yet another step closer
to my end goal.
[Tatsuya] On my next day off,
I'll test this out at FLT,
but I'd like you to take it
for a spin first, Miyuki.
[gasps]
Sure, it'd be my pleasure.
'Kay, here I go.
[digital whooshing]
[gasping]
[Tatsuya] Tell me.
Do you find
this excessive processing
of sequences draining?
[Miyuki] I'm fine.
No headache
and no sense of fatigue.
Good to hear.
All right,
now slowly move
in a horizontal direction.
All right.
I'll try.
Does the spell feel choppy
at all to you?
It's seamless.
The time recorder function
is performing its job perfectly.
[Tatsuya] Cornerstone of this
is the recording function,
which accurately documents
the activation points
of each ongoing spell.
Human minds simply
aren't designed
to do this kind
of digital processing,
so I had to supplement it using
the machine.
Just as I expected of you,
Brother.
[giggles]
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪